Then you ask him to come and tell me about you in person.
Jiangcai Cuisine
Brother Zhenting married me, not you
I know you're upset
Even sad to death
But
What can be done?
My mother is precious
Born a young master of the Gu family for the story
And you
Having a baby with a wild man
I think it was still a stillborn
Doctor, where is my child?
Don't be too sad
He was a dead baby.
How dare you hit me?
I hit you
Don't you dare talk nonsense again
I'll tear your mouth apart
You are presumptuous, I am the young lady of the future of the story
You said it too
The future is not now
Brother Zhenting will marry me soon
When we got married
Do you want to come and witness our happiness?
What are you doing I warn you
Don't mess around
Zhengting brother
He's going to hit me
We have already broken up
Don't call me that
How come?
He heard we were getting married.
Extreme to death
Hit me when you come up
Mr. Huo wishes you a happy wedding in advance.